  Security
    Alarm Systems
      Agir Security Solutions understands the importance of your safety. Protecting your home against unwanted company is our primary goal.  Home intrusion happens unexpectedly and can be extremely disheartening.  Sakab offers its clients effective and reliable solutions to alarm systems.  Our alarm systems are designed to effectively detect intrusion and unauthorized entry into your home and alert you and the authorities.
      Intrusion alarm systems may be combined with closed-circuit television surveillance systems to automatically record the activities of intruders. They may also interface to access control systems for electrically locked doors. Alarm systems range from small, self-contained noisemakers, to complicated, multi-area systems with computer monitoring and remote control.
      Why wait until it’s too late? Schedule a consultation today to learn more about how an effective alarm system can bring your family or business the security it needs.

    Security Cameras
      Having the ability to monitor and record activity when you are not around is invaluable. Agir Security Solutions is a recognized supplier of security and surveillance solutions to homeowners and businesses of all sizes.  As a market leader in video surveillance services, we have the experience and dedication to ensure you have the best possible solution for your security needs.  How do we do this? Agir Security Solutions offers a variety of security solutions for your home or business giving us the ability to custom tailor a solution perfectly fit for you.
      Standard security and video surveillance systems, also commonly known as “(CCTV) Closed-Circuit Television”, consist of a camera, monitor, and digital video recorder (DVR).  With industry leading technology and innovative solutions, Agir Security Solutions gives you security and safety where you need it most.
      Agir Security Solutions has mastered all surveillance equipment and techniques to give each client the security solution they need.

    Intercoms
      ntercoms are electronic communications systems which consist of fixed microphone/speaker units that connect to a central control device. There are two basic types of products: hard wired and wireless. Hard wired intercoms are connected by cables and are installed in buildings, apartments, offices, and manufacturing facilities. Wireless intercoms rely upon radio frequency (RF) transmission and are used in television stations, broadcast control vehicles, power plants, and communications facilities.
      Residential intercom systems consist of two distinct types: Full House Intercom and Doorbell Intercom.
      The Full House Intercom system consists of at least one master station usually located in the kitchen and remote stations in the bedrooms, patio and front door. This system can be used strictly for communication or can incorporate sound. The sound portion can consist of a basic AM/FM stereo tuner or a CD or tape player.
      The “new” Doorbell Intercom, connects to the house telephone, and will ring every house phone that is connected to the main telephone line. The visitor’s call can be answered from any telephone. An additional feature will allow the homeowner to grant access by automatically unlocking the door from the telephone keypad.
      Commercial intercom systems are generally designed specifically to the customer’s application. These systems are as basic as telephone intercom paging systems and as advanced as voice evacuation systems for factories and large industrial complexes.
      Apartment intercom systems generally interface or connect with the main telephone system in the building complex. By accessing the lobby intercom station the visitor connects with the tenant’s telephone. The tenant then grants entry by pressing the “*” button on the telephone keypad, which releases the door lock granting entry to their guest.
      Video cameras have been added in lobbies so the tenant can view the visitor on a television station before granting entry.

    Access Control
      An authorized user carries a credit card size pass card or badge and presents it to a swipe style reader or a proximity reader. This card reader transmits the information contained on the card to the database, which recognizes the user and grants or denies access.
      The card can also be used as a photo ID.
      The new “Smart Card” technology allows the user to use their card or badge not only for access but also for purchasing transactions such as cafeteria meals, book store purchases and other purchases at authorized locations.










  Structured Wiring
    Audio/ Video connecting
      With the proliferation of new technologies available to homeowners, residential cabling will have to be upgraded to match these advances. Consumer products such as WebTV, Internet Phone, and games over the Internet will require wiring to handle the amount of information traveling through them. The standard home today uses wiring designed 50 years ago for applications that did not exist at that time. Homes must be wired for the requirements of today's homeowners as well as for products not yet designed.

    Cable TV / Satellite
      Just bought a new Smart Tv 3D LCD Plasma panel TV and looking to have it installed on your wall ? Looking to build a home theater but don't know where to start? Give us a call for all of your installation needs. From the very simplest of jobs, to advanced A/V design, we do it all, and for about half the price of the "big box" stores. Call us today for a free estimate!
      We can mount your TV on the wall, and run all cables and wires in wall or run removable plastic molding for a neat, clean installation. Your TV can be mounted on just about any surface, from a standard drywall to brick or concrete.Renting your place? Not to worry, our professional techniques and wall plates won’t leave a mess behind when you leave. We can provide a low profile mount, tilting mount, or full motion articulating mount at about half the cost of the big box stores.
      Specializing in Home Theater and surround sound systems, we can integrate and mount your existing 5.1 or 7.1 surround sound speakers on wall. Anything from generic speakers, Bose systems, home theaters in a box, can be mounted cleanly and without any wires showing.

    Network, Phone wiring
      Installing a telephone line requires electrical knowledge and skill. Ensuring that the job is done right the first time saves you time and money. Our Agir electricians have installed many telephone lines for commercial businesses in the area for more than 20 years. We
install telephone wiring for organizations of all sizes. We also work on re-installations and extensions to existing phone systems.
      Telephone networking services for businesses enable seamless communication among departments within an organization. Business phone systems also make coordination easier for organizations with multiple departments that are spread out in an office building. Installing a business telephone network offers many advantages that improve productivity. Our electricians are experts in phone system installation, connectivity, cabling, wiring and more.










  Window Treatments
    Motorized Curtains
      Agir Security Solutions specializes in creating the style, control and energy efficiency that everyone deserves in their window treatments. Agir Security Solutions is sure to have the perfect window treatment for your needs using materials from the best brands in the industry.Your window treatment needs may be:
      Style or fashion enhancements
      A need for sun control
      Privacy
      Ease of operation or group control
      Integration of your window treatments with your home automation system
      Agir Security Solutions embraces the opportunity to make your buying experience as easy as possible. Our friendly and certified Hunter Douglas professional installers ensures:
      Accurate window treatment measurements
      Home automation / integration / wiring consultations
      Precise installations
      Call us today and allow our experts to personalize any design. Whether it be retrofitting your existing window treatments with motors or coordinating a completely new window design, Motorized Window Treatments is here to guide you.

    Motorized Shades
      Motorized window coverings offer convenience, control, and sophistication, as virtually all custom window treatments can be motorized. Whether it is motorized roller shades, electric blinds, automatic draperies, or roman shades, Stylish Windows, Inc. has the expertise to configure, fabricate and install.
      Motorized window treatments are available in several different power configurations:
      Power Options:
      Battery Powered Operated System – With this system, there is no need to run wires as the shades operate on batteries, which have to be replaced every 1-5 years, depending on usage. This system operates with remote control.
      DC Powered Operated System – This system is a low voltage system, in which wires have to reach the shade from an AC transformer. There is no maintenance required as the batteries do not have to be changed periodically. Operation of such systems is via wall switches, or remote controls. Pre-wiring planning is recommended.
      AC Powered Operated System – This system is operated on an AC power, from 120V-240V. Wires have to reach the shade from a pre-existing AC source. Operation of this system is by remote control or wall switches. Pre-wiring planning is recommended.
      Control Options:
      Radio Frequency System – The biggest advantage of radio frequency operated window covering systems is that your window coverings can be operated from virtually anywhere in the house, without the need to point the transmitter (remote control) directly at the blinds, shades or drapes.
      Somfy® radio frequency systems feature controls that include: hand-held remote controls, wireless wall switches, and wireless programmable timers. In addition, window coverings that are operated via Somfy® radio frequency systems can be integrated with total home automation systems.
      Infrared System – This is a basic system, which is recommended if basic control is required. The infrared transmitter (remote control) has to be pointed directly at infrared receiver to operate the window coverings individually. Therefore, your window treatments have to be within the line of sight to be operated.
      More advanced controls and convenience – If your window treatments are located in several rooms, and you would like your transmitter (remote) to operate from different locations, and or operate several window treatments simultaneously or individually, radio frequency systems are recommended.
      Hard Wired Wall Switches – For these types of controls, wires are required to run from the power source to the point you prefer the wall switches to be, as well as to the top of the window. Pre-wiring planning is recommended.







  Interior Designing
    Corporate Design
      Commercial design encompasses a wide range of sub specialties.
      Retail: includes malls and shopping centres, department stores, specialty stores, visual merchandising and showrooms.
      Visual and Spatial Branding: The use of space as a media to express the Corporate Brand
      Corporate: office design for any kind of business
      Healthcare: the design of hospitals, assisted living facilities, medical offices, dentist offices, psychiatric facilities, laboratories, medical specialist facilities
      Hospitality and Recreation: includes hotels, motels, resorts, cafes, bars, restaurants, health clubs and spas, etc.
      Institutional: government offices, financial institutions (banks and credit unions), schools and universities, religious facilities, etc.
      Industrial facilities: manufacturing and training facilities as well as import and export facilities.

    Space Planning
      Even with the optimum property, many businesses still see significant wasted expenses because of faulty space planning.
      Companies that need to utilize their commercial property space more efficiently, to increase productivity or to simply reorganize, have relied on Agir Security Solutions experience, creative problem solving and expert assessment, joining your business needs with the maximum potential of the corporate space.
      In todays highly competitive commercial real estate market, the design of your work space is a crucial key to the success of your business. Whether it be in a high rise or manufacturing facility, how you utilize space is crucial to the bottom line.
      If your not sure what to do with your current office space, thinking about a relocation or ready to consolidate multiple offices, contact the Sakab Design for an analysis.

    Residential Design
      Residential design is the design of the interior of private residences. As this type design is very specific for individual situations, the needs and wants of the individual are paramount in this area of interior design. The interior designer may work on the project from the initial planning stage or may work on the remodelling of an existing structure. It is often a very involved process that takes months to fine tune and create a space with the vision of the client.
